PR:  Update Japanese translation (#413)
wp-cli/wp-cli.github.com: ja/index.md

---

[WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) は [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/) を管理するためのコマンドラインインターフェースです。
プラグインのアップデートやマルチサイトのセットアップなどの多くのことをブラウザなしで行うことができます。

下記のサポーターの協力で継続的なメンテナンスが行われています。

> <a href="https://automattic.com/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/automattic-1.png" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" alt="" width="964" height="auto" class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-347" /></a>
> <a href="https://www.bluehost.com/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-335" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/bluehost.png" alt="" width="1200" height="auto" /></a>
> <a href="https://pantheon.io/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-333" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2019/06/pantheon.png" alt="" width="1512" height="auto" /></a>
> <a href="https://www.siteground.com/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-332" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2019/06/SG_logo.png" alt="" width="1435" height="auto" /></a>
> <a href="https://wpengine.com/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-333" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/wpengine.png" alt="" width="1200" height="auto" /></a>
> <a href="https://www.cloudways.com/" style="height:80px;width:27%;display:inline-block;position:relative;margin:20px;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-3229" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2021/02/Cloudways-Logo-e1612285267691.png" alt="" width="1766" height="auto" /></a>

Reviewer: The source file was further adapted to improve the layout of the sponsor logos:
```suggestion
<a href="https://automattic.com/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/automattic-1.png" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" alt="" width="320" height="70" class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-347" /></a>
<a href="https://www.bluehost.com/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-335" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/bluehost.png" alt="" width="320" height="52" /></a>
<a href="https://pantheon.io/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-333" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2019/06/pantheon.png" alt="" width="320" height="100" /></a>
<a href="https://www.siteground.com/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-332" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2019/06/SG_logo.png" alt="" width="320" height="66" /></a>
<a href="https://wpengine.com/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-333" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2017/04/wpengine.png" alt="" width="320" height="60" /></a>
<a href="https://www.cloudways.com/" style="height:100px;width:49%;display:inline-block;position:relative;"><img class="aligncenter size-full wp-image-3229" style="max-height:100%;max-width:100%;position:absolute;top:0;bottom:0;left:0;right:0;margin:auto;" src="https://make.wordpress.org/cli/files/2021/02/Cloudways-Logo-e1612285267691.png" alt="" width="320" height="62" /></a>
```

現在の安定バージョンは [2.5.0](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/2021/05/19/wp-cli-v2-5-0-release-notes/) です。 最新情報を得たい人は、[@wpcli on Twitter](https://twitter.com/wpcli) をフォローするか、[メーリングリストにサインアップ](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/subscribe/)してください。[ロードマップ](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/handbook/roadmap/)で、今後のリリースの予定を知ることができます。

> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli) [![Average time to resolve an issue](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/wp-cli/wp-cli.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/wp-cli/wp-cli "Average time to resolve an issue") [![Percentage of issues still open](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/wp-cli/wp-cli.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/wp-cli/wp-cli "Percentage of issues still open")

Reviewer: The badge was the wrong one in the source document. I changed it there, and used this instead:
```suggestion
[![Testing](https://github.com/wp-cli/automated-tests/actions/workflows/testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/wp-cli/automated-tests/actions/workflows/testing.yml) [![Average time to resolve an issue](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/wp-cli/wp-cli.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/wp-cli/wp-cli "Average time to resolve an issue") [![Percentage of issues still open](https://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/wp-cli/wp-cli.svg)](https://isitmaintained.com/project/wp-cli/wp-cli "Percentage of issues still open")
```
